Okay, everybody, let's get ready for the meeting.
I really want to come in. Me too.
Okay, what do you want to say?
Uh, I don't know that.
Well, you could just say anything that comes to mind.
Or you can prepare.
Which do you prefer?
This one?
Or that one?
Of course, your mother loves you.
So she puts the work into making you something delicious.
Same with you, because you love Jehovah,
you want to give him the best.
This is why you must prepare your comment.
What how?
First, you must use the good ingredients.
Let's prepare a short comment.
Step 1. What is the question?
Step 2. Find the answer in the paragraph.
Step 3. Make some notes.
Step 4. Practice.
Now you are prepared.
And Sophia, you can comment in your own words.
But what if they don't call on me, Dad?
We will prepare two or three answers, just in case.
What if he doesn't call me for any of them?
I quit.
No, don't quit.
Everyone knows you tried your best.
You, the brothers, and Jehovah.
Ah, something smells good.
You ready for dinner?